  Complaint management is an essential component of any organisation and has a 
very important part in carrying out smooth processes and functioning of the organisation. 
Complaints are generated when the normal things are out of order or are functioning unorderly. 
A complaint management framework is a structure and set of guidelines to advise and guide an 
organisation on the best ways to manage complaints and ensure the consistent delivery of high
quality responses to user complaints that fall in line with all relevant regulatory compliance 
demands. A secure or in-house complaint management solution with centralised complaint 
management empowers our organisation to resolve user complaints in a timely and efficient 
manner. The user can view the complaint status through his/her authenticated login.  
The Good support software provides comprehensive control over our handling of user 
queries, and the deployment of our Redressal for complaints. This ultimately works to increase 
user satisfaction — retaining users and giving a pleasing user experience to all organisation 
people. User complaints managed by a proper Redressal will give assurance to people of the 
organisation to work independently and smoothly. With a robust complaint management 
software solution, we can determine the root cause of computing infrastructure fails and deploy 
high technician teams that implement effective corrective actions and prevent the recurrence 
of issues that generate further user complaints. A computing infrastructure user complaint 
highlights a problem, whether that's a problem with usage, power outages, employees or 
internal processes of the computing infrastructures, and by hearing these problems directly 
from our users through our web portal, we can investigate and improve to prevent further 
complaints in the future. 
Here we have designed a system as such where users of different categories under a 
particular department can launch their complaints and these complaints will be addressed and 
approved by the head of department. After which the head of department will forward the 
complaints to the maintenance admin who will further forward the complaints to the 
maintenance admin. The main task of maintenance admin is to forward the complaints to valid 
technicians so that they will cater to it and then respond about whether they have resolved it or 
not. The complaint loop stops when the complaint is resolved and approved by the user. Hence 
in this way the computing infrastructure complaints will be managed through this web portal.
